# Sorry to say …

At the end of summer in 2023, we decided to terminate our service. We are sorry to say that we are no longer able to provide the service due to the lack of funding and the most important WE LOSE OUR USERS. However, we still want to support open-source community, so we decided to open-source our project. We hope that our project will be useful for you.

# Below is the original README.md (edited on 2023-08-31)

# Why?
As a mathematics student, our second language is code. We use it to solve problems, but it is REALLY hard to learn. I have been learning Python for 3 years now and I still struggle to remember the syntax for certain functions. We always expect the computer to understand us, then code it for us since Alen Turing created the first computer. What if AI could understand us and code for us? That is what I am trying to achieve with this project.


# Introducing AutoGrpaher 🤖
AutoGrapher basicly is born to help you to generate code from your natural language. Which is exactly powered by Codex model from OpenAI. And it's job is easy, just generate code from your natural language. You describe what you want, and it will generate code for you. It's that simple.

# Inspiration 💡
Thanks to fast growing of AI, we can now do a lot of things that we can't do before. Codex is a beta code generation model from OpenAI. It will highly depend on the prompt you give it. So, we currently only support Python. But we will add more languages in the future. Also thanks to the great work of [PyOoshi](https://pythongeneration.ooshimus.com), inspiration of this project. PyOoshi's framework is the base of this project. And we will keep updating this project to make it better.

# Why choose AutoGrapher?
This is a personal project aimed at helping people learn to code. It is definitely not perfect, but it is a start. I hope that this project will help people learn to code and make their lives easier. We are no long able to use Codex since March 23th 2023, so we use the lastest GPT3.5-Turbo model to understand your natural language and generate code with the fine-tuned model (GPT-3). It is lucky that we can still keep the high accuracy of the code generated. With this AIs working together, we are planning to make our project to be the next generation of AI code generation (very closed to the [AutoGPT](https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT) on Github). 

# How to Use?
Visit  AutoGrapher, you will see the UI, there are two options you can do:

1. **Generate Code** - This is the main feature of the website, you can generate code from your natural language. Just type your natural language in the input box, and click the button. Then you will see the code generated by Codex. 
2. **Generate Code with Settings** - This is the advanced feature of the website, you can use the setting options to control the output. You can set the max tokens, temperature, and max probability.
    You can also change the settings to make the code more accurate. The settings are:
    -   **Max Tokens** - The maximum length of the code generated. The default value is 2048, which is the maximum length of the code generated by Codex.
    -   **Temperature** - The randomness of the code generated. The default value is 0.5, which is the recommended value by us.
    -   **Probability** - The probability of the code generated. The default value is 0.5, which is the recommended value by us.

Now and you can enter something like `Divide A by B and store it in result` and then click on the `go` button. You will see the web-page load, it may take up to 60 seconds if under heavy load.


## Prompt Format
The prompt is the text you enter into the input box. The prompt is what the AI will use to generate the output. The prompt must be in English and must be in the format of `Input -> Output`. The input is what you want to do and the output is what you want to achieve. The input and output must be separated by `->` and the input must be before the output. The input and output must be separated by a new line.

**Examples:**
Divide A by B and store it in result 
Generate the sine values from 0 to 1. 
Convert input from Celcius to Farenheit 
Perform a google search of what the user wants and print the top result 
Print what part of the day is going on right now 
Make a password generator


# Authors
- [Deepansh Jagga](https://github.com/DeepanshCUHK)
- [Zhenzhao Tu](https://github.com/Tu-Zhenzhao)
